---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

### What did you do this past week?
During this past week I did a few things. One of the things I did was set up my work environment for the class like I had expected to. It really wasn't that difficult to do and got it everything up and running fairly quickly. I also set up my private repo for the first project, Collatz, and worked on it a little bit. The project is pretty straight forward right now so I don't expect much trouble from it while I'm finishing up. I do believe that the future projects will become more difficult however. Over the week in class we mostly went over the project and all the requirements for it in addition to the process we should be taking when taking it on.

### What's in your way?
To be honest, at the moment there is nothing in my way. I was previously worried that I would let my procrastination get the best of me and I would become put under the weight of having to do so many things at once but I am doing quite well actually. I am currently on top of things and am having no problems so far.

### What will you do next week?
This week I plan on finishing up the first project and turning that in. I don't expect to have too many problems with it as it doesn't seem too complicated yet. If we do start talking about the next project in class I plan on finding a partner for it and planning on when to meet so that we can start on it as soon as possible. That way we won't have to worry about having to rush when the deadline is near.

### Pick/Tip of the Week
My tip of the week is for Linux machines and it's the apropos command in the terminal. Sometimes you might forget the command to type into the terminal to perform a specific action so you might have to search for it. Luckily, this is a feature of the Linux terminal. To use it, simply type "apropos" in the command line (without the quotes) followed by a simple description of what the command you're looking for does. For example, if you forget the command to make a directory simply type "apropos make directory" in the command line and it will give you a list of commands that might be what you're looking for. It comes in handy quite a lot.
