
---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

### What did you do this past week?
This week I got to experience each of my classes for the first time to see what they would be like. That being said, this class seems to be one that will require me to take a good amount of time to code the projects for. I don't believe that the material itself will be of much trouble to me but I worry that my own tendency to procrastinate some things will be a bad trait to have in this course. I say this because the course is taught in C++ which I am familiar with so I should be comfortable with it, however even with the knowledge to complete the projects in the class I need the right amount of time to do them. Hopefully that will not be a problem and I can finish things on time correctly. I'm also looking forward to being taught by Professor Downing. We went over some basic things in C++ and so far it has been great. He seems like a fun and knowledgeable person and has a witty sense of humor that I quite enjoy. We also had the opportunity to meet with classmates and exchange contact information so that was nice of Professor Downing to do. I can tell that he really wants us to interact and be successful in the course.

### What's in your way?
The major thing that's in my way is probably my social anxiety. I'm not exactly the most outgoing person out there so I hope that it's not too much of a drawback. My goal is to be more interactive in this class and start dropping my anxiety because it really hides my potential in a lot of ways. This is especially important considering that projects can be done with a partner so I need to get myself out there. Other than that, there is my tendency to slightly procrastinate that I mentioned earlier that I have a little to worry about but I believe that I can overcome that relatively easily.

### What will you do next week?
During the next week I will revisit the VirtualBox that I have and configure my environment so that I can do the projects on it. I expect that most of the configuration requirements are already done but I definitely need to set up some things, like the DockerHub. I don't think that it will be too difficult and hopefully I will be able to start working on the first project when the spec for it becomes available.

### Pick/Tip of the Week
My pick of the week is actually an online programming game called [Screeps](https://screeps.com/). It's an online multiplayer game in which you code the behavior of creeps so that you can mine resources, transport materials, build structures, and conquer territories. After you code their behaviors, you can go offline and they will continue to run and do what they are coded to do. The game is in JavaScript but I think it's a great opportunity to strengthen one's general programming skills and understanding of some knowledge that could help in this course.
