---
layout: post
title: Week 14: Final Week
---

Well the semester has ended and I think it's time to summarize my thoughts on aspects of the class.
### Lectures
Lectures in this class were pretty interesting in my opinion. When looking solely at the material, it could look a little dry but the way that Downing taught it made it captivating. Usually in other classes I feel bored and uninterested, but Downing caught my attention. In addition to being interesting, they were definitely informative and taught me a lot about C++, and even some thing about Java, that I didn't know. Great in-class atmosphere.
### Projects
There were 5 projects in this class. While they started out easy, they definitely got harder as the class progressed. The last two were exceptionally more difficult. Although challenging, these projects did a great job of reflecting the material we were discussing in class at the time. We were allowed to work with a partner for 4 of these 5 projects, and I thought that this was a feature that helped a lot. Not only did working with a partner make the projects easier, but they showed us the benefit of working with others and exposed us to what a real job could be like in the future. Overall, I thought the projects were a great way to allow us to learn the material.
### Quizzes
There were 34 quizzes in this class this semester, although I think this number varies slightly from semester to semester. These quizzes often contained 3 multiple choice questions, were timed, and were given at the beginning of each lecture. They clearly reflected the material that was taught or shown in the previous lecture. I think it was a great tool to allow us to absorb the information. There were a few times where I felt like some questions were a bit too tricky but the fact that some quizzes are dropped made this negligible.
### Tests
There were 2 tests during this class. I don't have much to say about the tests other than that they definitely reflected the material and class and challenged you. They were definitely not something to be taken too lightly as some questions were complicated, although there were some questions that were very straightforward that I think mostly everyone should be expected to know. Overall, I thought the tests were fair and challenging.
### Conclusion
Conclusively, I think this was a great class. The lectures were interesting and informative, the projects were demanding yet fun, the quizzes were helpful, and the tests were challenging. I learned a lot taking this course and recommend this class to anyone looking to further their knowledge of object-oriented programming.
