---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week, I didn't do much outside of class. I was expecting us to talk about Project 3 on Monday, but I guess because we have Test 1 coming up Downing didn't talk to us about it yet. In class, we started talking about constructors, destructors, copy constructors, and copy assignment operators for classes. It was actually pretty challenging to wrap my head around all of the information we talked about, however afterwards I do feel like I have a good understanding of the material.

### What's in your way?
My schedule looks to be in my way again. The work weight of my weeks vary pretty significantly so I tend to have either really relaxed weeks or really busy weeks. Unfortunately, this one is a busy week and with the first test coming up, I hope not to crumble under all of the pressure.

### What will you do next week?
This week I mainly plan on studying for Test 1. I'll most likely make a cheat sheet and review it so I nail my understanding of the material. If we do start talking about Project 3 this week, I also plan on finding a partner for that. As I said in my last post, I need to be proactive in finding a partner so I can find one in time.

### Pick/Tip of the Week
My pick of the week is Terminator. Terminator is a terminal emulator that I prefer over the normal Terminal. It is very user-friendly and has a lot of helpful features that can help organize your screen. For instance, you can split the terminal window into many terminals and organize them in any orientation you like. Additionally, you can resize them for user preference and can even use plugins to get the most out of it.
