
---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week Project 2: Netflix was due. As I said in my last post, my week was pretty busy so I unfortunately ended up turning Project 2 in late. It was definitely more challenging than the first project but it was still very doable. The hardest part was figuring out exactly how to access the cache files which ended up being done with ifstream. In class we talked more about iterators and how to code certain functions like equal and copy. I'm fairly comfortable with iterators at the moment so it wasn't very challenging to understand the code.

### What's in your way?
Not much is in my way at the moment. Aside from finding a partner for the next project, my week will be fairly quiet.

### What will you do next week?
This week we'll most likely talk about Project 3 in class. I plan on actually getting a partner for the project this time. The problem with me getting a partner for Project 2 was that I simply waited a bit too long so everyone I asked to partner up with was already taken. I'm definitely going to be more proactive in getting a partner this week. Other than that, just attending class and learning more is what I plan on doing.

### Pick/Tip of the Week
My pick of the week is a program called htop. Htop is a process viewer for Linux machines with a functionality similar to the Windows Task Manager. This can be very helpful in certain situations where you need to see what is taking up your CPU. To install it, simply type "sudo apt-install htop" into the terminal and run it by typing "htop." From there, you can view the processes running on your machine and kill them if wanted.
