---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week I continued working on Project 4: Darwin with my partner. We hit a lot of bumps in the road but we still managed to power through them and turn the project in a full day ahead of the deadline which I haven't done before on a project in this class. In class, we talked almost exclusively about the move constructor and move assignment operator and how to implement them. We also talked about why they are useful and how they work. This was very insightful as I have never heard of move operations until this past week. They were a little hard to understand at first but I understand them fully now.

### What's in your way?
In the near future, I have a lot of assignments due and events to attends, so my schedule is in my way at the moment. Usually it is just one week that has me busy but this time I have events to attend and things of that nature along with a higher amount of assignments to do so it is a little bit stressful right now. I do think that if I can stay focused and motivated, I can handle it well.

### What will you do next week?
I expect to talk about Project 5: Life tomorrow because it has been posted. I will then look for a partner for that project and hopefully start on it early. I don't expect that it will be too hard to do these things because I've been doing it in the past consistently. This next project doesn't freak me out too much.

### Pick/Tip of the Week
My pick of the week is Tilda. Tilda is a terminal emulator that I picked because it is very customizable. You can change just about everything you want asbout it and can even change the transparency of the window. This could help in a lot of situations when coding. I regularly find myself hacing to minimize the terminal when coding because it is in the way but with Tilda, I can have it open on top of the code and still have it not be in the way.
