---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week I finished working on Project 3: Allocator. It was very helpful to have a partner for the project because it felt much quicker and less stressful. It also motivated me to start earlier which was a big plus.  Aside from that I didn't do much. In class, we looked at how vector would look with an allocator and coded some of it in class, which was helpful.

### What's in your way?
There is nothing in my way at the moment. Over the past two weeks I have had tests and projects to worry about which caused a lot of stress but now it is relatively relaxed. I do expect it to pick up pace once again soon but it is nice to know that nothing is in my way at the time being.

### What will you do next week?
During this next week I expect that we will talk about Project 4: Darwin in class. I plan on finding a partner for this project as well as it went very well last time. After that, I'll most likely work on the project a bit this week to get a feel for it and then finish it up at the beginning of next week.

### Pick/Tip of the Week
My tip of the week is to find a place to work that makes you feel comfortable. I say this because it is very important if you want to be productive. I know a lot of people that work in places that are crowded, noisy, or too quiet and it makes them less productive, so I think it's necessary to go out and find a comfortable space to work or study, especially when working on the projects for this class.
