---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week I finished Project 5: Life with my partner. It was a bit harder than the rest of the projects but we still managed to get through it with lots of time to spare. The main problem we had was figuring out what we were allowed to do because the spec for the project wasn't very clear on some things, such as where we were allowed to call new and delete. By asking the TAs, we were able to figure it out. In class we continued our talk about inheritance and things involved with it such as virtual methods and what the semantics of things like that are. On Wednesday we took a break from that and had the company Spiceworks come and talk to us. It's always helpful to have people that have been in our position come in and tell us what the work environment is like and what we need to do to get there.

### What's in your way?
Nothing's really in my way at the moment. With the completion of the last project, my schedule has opened up a lot. I am trying to apply for many internships though so that's what's occupying some of my free time at the moment. 

### What will you do next week?
Next week I will most likely work on the new extra credit opportunity given to us over the weekend. I'm not too worried about my grade in the class but it never hurts to boost it a little bit with some extra credit. Considering that the extra credit is over Collatz, which we already did, I don't expect it to be very troublesome at all.

### Pick/Tip of the Week
My tip of the week is to finish strong. I know it's very easy and tempting to let your efforts slip a little bit when you're almost done with something, especially at a time like this when the semester is almost over, but be sure to give it your all until the very end. It might seem like a good idea to relax a little when you see that you're going to pass all of your classes or finish something but you don't want to let your GPA slip or your performance deteriorate because you wanted to rest. You never know what your performance now could affect in the future.
