---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week I started working on Project 5: Life with my partner. It didn't seem hard to do at first when we were assigned the project, but we quickly realized there was a lot of things we hadn't thought about. We spent multiple hours trying to figure out how we were going to implement the classes required. Eventually, we got the idea and coded it all and got it working. There is only one thing concerning delete that we are unsure of but we hope to work it out this coming week. Other than that, we talked about extending classes more in class which I am pretty comfortable with so it's nothing too hard at the moment.

### What's in your way?
Nothing much is in my way. I previously had a lot of things on my plate but over this past week, things have worked themselves out pretty nicely. The biggest thing I have to worry about is Project 5 but as I said earlier, there's not much left for my partner and I to do.

### What will you do next week?
This coming week, I plan on finishing up Project 5 and turning it in on time. This shouldn't be hard given where we are in the project already. My partner and I also plan on attending office hours this week to clear some things up which should help quicken our conclusion of the project too, so it should be getting easier from here.

### Pick/Tip of the Week
My tip of the week is to pace your programming. When coding for several hours at a time, your brain can become very tired of the problem you're trying to solve and it can become harder to even think about it. To solve this, make sure to take multiple breaks and shorten your coding sessions. Be careful not to lose focus of the task at hand though. Start early on your code to ensure you have enough time to implement this tip and work on it while your productive and healthy.
