---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

### What did you do this past week?
The first thing we did this week was talk about Project 3: Allocator which is due this Thursday. I think it's a pretty straightforward project. I got a partner for it and we worked on it a bit over the weekend and got a good amount done. We just need to finish up deallocate and valid and we should be good to go. For the rest of the week we talked about how an allocator worked which helped strengthen the understanding of what needs to be done for the project. We also coded a simple version of vector in class which we will expand on more this week to allow us to see how vector really works under the covers.

### What's in your way?
My schedule is in my way again. Having a test for another class and a computer science project due in the same week makes things pretty cramped. It's not as bad as it has been in the past, but it will still take some effort to stay focused and get through the week easily.

### What will you do next week?
This next week I plan on finishing up Project 3 with my partner. It shouldn't be too hard because we did seem to not be running into any problems during the first part of the project that we had worked on. Other than that, there is just the test for my other class that I need to worry about.

### Pick/Tip of the Week
My pick of the week is [Game Code School](http://gamecodeschool.com/). Game Code School is a website that focuses on teaching people how to code games. In addition to offering courses for multiple platform game development, they also recommend books to read and projects to try in order to turn anyone into a game developer. I think this is a great tool for people who are interested in game development to learn what it's all about and become an expert in the field.
