---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week I started working on Project 4: Darwin with my partner. We had a pretty big dilemma in the beginning of how to approach the problem but we still got a lot done on that day. We actually finished coding the actual problem earlier today but still have to do a lot of the documentation and things of that sort. I don't expect it to be hard to finish up and turn in on time. In class, we had speakers from Pariveda Solutions which was pretty interesting and had class cancelled on Friday to go to the 50 year CS department anniversary event which had some interesting speakers.

### What's in your way?
There is nothing in my way at the moment. Last week was a little hectic in that I had a lot to do but my schedule has opened up pretty nicely recently. I think I will be able to handle this week pretty well.

### What will you do next week?
During this next week I expect to finish Project 4 with my partner and turn that in. We are definitely on pace to finish on time so I'm not really worried about not being able to get that done quickly. Other than that, there is not much to do this week so it shouldn't be too bad.

### Pick/Tip of the Week
My tip of the week is to study and become advanced in a text editor. It doesn't sound like much but I think it can really help speed things up and also allow your mind to be more focused on the project instead of how to use the text editor. I was working with my partner on the project earlier and was amazed with all the shortcuts he was using and how much faster he as at coding than I was because he was doing everything with the keyboard. It made me interested in learning all of the details of a specific text editor so I can be efficient with my time as well.
