---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week we looked at Project 2: Netflix. It looked more challenging that Project 1, but still manageable. I attempted to get a partner for the project, but things didn't seem to go to plan. I started off by asking a few people in class if they needed a partner but they all seemed to have someone already. I then utilized Piazza to try to find a partner but it seemed I was just a bit too late. It was actually somewhat humorous how it turned out. Nevertheless, I worked on Project 2 and made progress so it was not too much of a problem. I do plan on finding a partner for the next project and will definitely be more proactive in doing so when the time comes. In class, we had a speaker from Bloomberg come into class and explain to us how the company operated and what we needed to do to succeed. I thought it was quite helpful to hear from someone who has been in our shoes and knows what it's like. In class, we also went over iterators which I got pretty well. I felt very comfortable with the material we were going over and enjoyed it thoroughly.

### What's in your way?
Currently, my schedule is in the way. This coming week will be extremely busy with assignments and events, so I hope not to crumble under the pressure. As long as I stay focused on things I need to get done, it shouldn't be that big of a problem.

### What will you do next week?
This week I plan on finishing up Project 2. It is more complicated than than the first project, but it should not be that big of a hassle. Like I said it will be a busy week so I plan on working hard on the things I need to get done.

### Pick/Tip of the Week
My tip of the week is fairly simple. I think it is insanely helpful for people to code using an editor that they are comfortable with, so I push everyone to do so. It is very rare that the default text editor on a machine meets all the requirements for a programmer to be comfortable with it. I urge you to go out and find one that does what you need, because it will allow you to stop dealing with the inconveniences of simpler editors and free your mind to code.
