---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week, we had Test 1. I studied for it pretty thoroughly and I thought it wasn't too bad. There was just one problem that got me confused but other than that I think I did pretty well. Other than study for the test, there was not much to do outside of class. In class we started talking about the different types of pointers. I thought this material was actually much easier than what we had been doing before and grasped it very quickly. It was pretty interesting to hear Downing explain the concept of these pointers in a story about shooting a paintball gun. It really grabbed my attention.

### What's in your way?
Nothing is in my way at the moment. After the test, my schedule was pretty clear and I'm just riding along at the moment. I do have a big test for another class coming up soon but there are no other deadlines around it so I don't have to worry about getting crammed with stuff to do.

### What will you do next week?
Because Downing has posted the Project 3 spec, I'm sure that we will talk about it in class this week. Because of this, I plan on finding a partner and working on the project a bit this week. Other than that, there's not much to do at the moment aside from attending class.

### Pick/Tip of the Week
My pick of the week is a game called CodeCombat. CodeCombat consists of many levels that would take several hours to totally complete that get harder as you progress. You must control your character by writing a program to get them through the level and solve the puzzles along the way. While only in Python and Javascript, I still think it's a very helpful tool to strengthen one's general programming ability and algorithmic knowledge.
